taking doing our first time it's
a great way to balance this life
the wild and domestic bad pole
yeah
you get it all right your turn
I feel pretty excited about my
first hunt I'm a little bit
nervous about taking a life and
the challenge of hitting a
target and I think it will take
my rewilding journey to another
level
quail are going to run to where
they're going to come up from
one spot and flush so same with
like present so you're a mean .
is like here maybe it's just
feeling it and then it travels
into that that place release
spoon so that it comes together
alright going bird hunting with
bows is gonna be a challenge but
getting meat is easily the
toughest thing about this life I
think it's a great opportunity
for learn that you're ready I'm
nervous
you got it John Doe and took it
home hesitate just feel it in ya
hunts away for Delia to
experience a little bit of my
sight of of rewilding
the hunt will really target our
edges and pull us into new
places as a couple
yeah wow that feel good
yeah don't really good think we
can do it on some birds can try
it will try i'm excited too